Reduced amount of variables for Arbitrum cross-chain messages catchup indexer (#294)
blockscout/docs: for-developers/information-and-settings/env-variables/backend-envs-chain-specific.md

| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_ARBSYS_CONTRACT`                                | The address of ArbSys contract on the rollup. Implemented in [#9312](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9312).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | <p>Version: v6.7.0+<br>Default: <code>0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000064</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p> |

> | `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_NODE_INTERFACE_CONTRACT`                        | The address of NodeInterface contract on the rollup. Implemented in [#9312](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/10295).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | <p>Version: v.TBD<br>Default: <code>0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000C8</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_NODE_INTERFACE_CONTRACT`                        | The address of NodeInterface contract on the rollup. Implemented in [#9312](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/10295).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | <p>Version: master<br>Default: <code>0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000C8</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p> |
```

| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_BRIDGE_MESSAGES_TRACKING_ENABLED`               | Enables monitoring on L1 of cross-chain messages directed to L2 and catchup on L2 of historical cross-chain messages. Implemented in [#9312](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9312).                                                                                                                                                                                                              | <p>Version: v6.7.0+<br>Default: (empty)<br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                                 |
| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_MISSED_MESSAGES_RECHECK_INTERVAL`               | Interval to re-check on the rollup historical messages directed to and from the rollup, in seconds. Implemented in [#9312](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9312).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | <p>Version: v6.7.0+<br>Default: <code>3600</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                       |

> | `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_MISSED_MESSAGES_BLOCKS_DEPTH`                   | Amount of L2 blocks to revisit to identify historical cross-chain messages in the messages catchup task. Implemented in [#10374](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/10374).                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | <p>Version: v.TBD<br>Default: <code>10000</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_MISSED_MESSAGES_BLOCKS_DEPTH`                   | Amount of L2 blocks to revisit to identify historical cross-chain messages in the messages catchup task. Implemented in [#10374](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/10374).                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | <p>Version: master<br>Default: <code>10000</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                       |
```
